{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 **About Us - NumAllure**\
\
Welcome to NumAllure, your all-in-one number converter app designed to bring versatility and ease to your numerical needs. With specialized modules for Prime, Odd, Even, and Average numbers, NumAllure empowers users to effortlessly manipulate and explore the fascinating world of mathematics.\
\
**Prime Numbers:**\
Uncover the beauty of prime numbers with our dedicated module. Discover and display prime numbers within any specified range, thanks to our efficient Prime Number Checker algorithm.\
\
**Odd and Even Numbers:**\
Easily generate sequences of odd or even numbers with a tap of a button. NumAllure's precision ensures accurate results for any given range, making numerical exploration a seamless experience.\
\
**Average Calculator:**\
Effortlessly compute the average of a set of numbers with our intuitive Average module. Quickly analyze numerical data and obtain meaningful insights.\
\
NumAllure's sleek interface and user-friendly design make number conversion an enjoyable journey. Whether you're a student, a mathematician, or just someone curious about numbers, NumAllure is your go-to companion. Say goodbye to cumbersome calculations and hello to the allure of numbers, simplified at your fingertips.\
\
Download NumAllure now and embrace the enchanting world of numbers with precision and style. Let NumAllure be your guide to numerical exploration and calculation efficiency.}